[Music]
hi
i'm mark ryder ah you're the new
marketing director
that's right i'm nicole de la croix i'm
ali's personal assistant
welcome to paris thank you i'll just
tell ali you're here
ali mark ryder is here
okay you're from san francisco aren't
you yes i am
hello mark ali it's good to see you
again how are you
very well did you have a good journey
yes fine no problems
let me introduce you to the team you've
met nicole my personal assistant
yes we've said hello this is jacques
lumetra our rpr director
how do you do mark ryder how do you do
and this is ben watts our designer
hi mark great to meet you ben we've
heard a lot about you really
all good i hope okay should we go to my
office
what a lovely view the river's beautiful
isn't it
paris is so romantic i can't believe
we're here together at last
yes it's weird weird it's wonderful
i really missed you me too
why don't we sit down
so did you like the office yes it's
great
how do you get on with everyone okay but
we'll see
i've only been here three weeks what did
you think of them
well i thought shaq was very nice and
nicole
what about nicole she was very friendly
you know we have to keep things a secret
what thanks
you know us our relationship i don't
want the people in the office to know
we're together of course not but it
isn't going to be easy
no it isn't
how's the hotel well it's okay i guess
but it's not like having my own place
i have to find an apartment don't worry
it won't take you long
what are you thinking do you really want
to know
i was wondering what kind of boss you'll
be well you'll find out tomorrow
mark would you mind sending me those
concert dates
of course not
ben are you busy me
never could you help me i can't open
this document
sure thanks
hi nicole could you sign these please
sure
is it okay if i take tomorrow afternoon
off
i'm sorry but tomorrow is really
difficult what about friday afternoon
friday that's fine do you think you
could send me the request by email
uh yes of course
hello hi mark could you hold a moment
mark
thank you nicole
can you come and see me when you have a
moment
have you started looking for an
apartment no i haven't had time yet
anyway it's best to get to know paris
first yeah it's a big city huh
thanks that's nearly all the french i
know
hi beatrice yeah
just a minute sorry
how would you like the office oh it's
great and the people
really friendly i like ben a lot he's
amazing with computers
and jacques is a really nice guy
he's very charming everybody likes him
and he has a lovely wife
she used to be a pop star when she was
young have you heard of isabel
no i'm sorry i haven't she's very pretty
ali is very attractive too ally
yeah i guess
although her clothes are very english
and she's very formal you know
today i asked her if i could have a day
off and she wanted me to send her an
email
well the english have their funny ways
oh hello ellie hi ellie hi let me get
you a drink
thanks i'll have a diet coke
where exactly is it
i'm sorry i didn't catch that
okay how far is it
okay okay
messy
eddie look i think i found an apartment
how do i get to belleville the easiest
way is to get the metro
at pyramids take line 14
and change at chatelet okay then take
line 11 towards marie de lila where do i
get off
at belleville and how many stops is it
six i think oh right
i found it on the map how long does it
take to get there
about half an hour have you found a flat
yeah in belleville this time when are
you going to see it
this afternoon if you can wait till six
i'll give you a lift
i live near belleville so i'm driving
that way that's great
thanks thank you
this is the apartment
sorry nicole what did she say she said
we can have a look at the flat she's
going to wait downstairs
thanks
so what do you think it's a long way
from the station
and it's on the fourth floor it's a pity
there isn't a lift
who needs one the stairs are good
exercise look there's a great view from
here
it's also very noisy sure but it has
character
it's just how i imagine an apartment in
paris everything's
old including the heating it will be
very cold in the winter
oh hi well what's it like
nice really parisian are you going to
take it
i think so yeah i can't wait to see it
yeah are you okay
are you on your own no i'm with the
woman who owns the apartment i'll call
you back
okay speak later love you
love you too bye
sorry about that that was that was my
my daughter calling from america
you know she's just taking an interest
taking your interest that's nice
i got a message this morning it's from
jacques
ali it's jack i'm in rome
my return flight's been cancelled
there's a small problem
scarlett scarpino is in paris for her
concert this evening
i was going to look after her today
could you possibly take care of
her thank you
and see you later you've met scarlet
scarpino haven't you been
the punk princess yeah i met her in
london last year
what's she like let's say she's a bit
difficult what are we going to do with
her
why don't you show her around paris i
have a better idea why don't you show
her around paris
what me i'm new here you can't leave me
to do this on my own
okay why don't we take her to notre dame
i mean it's her first time in paris
isn't it
i don't think churches are really her
thing how about taking her on a boat
trip
brilliant and then we can go up the
eiffel tower that's a good idea i'm sure
she'll love the view
and she might fall off thanks for your
help ben
shall we have lunch after that let's go
somewhere really nice
do you have any recommendations ben what
about la renaissance
as shaq's favorite that sounds perfect
uh ben do you want to come too
sorry ally i'm really busy
but i'm sure you'll have an
unforgettable meal
so scarlett what would you like
nothing all aren't you hungry
sure but this food's really horrible
this is one of the finest restaurants in
paris
well i can't eat this stuff i never
touch meat
the seafood looks good hey fish have
feelings too
what about the mushroom risotto
mushrooms
no way didn't they tell you guys about
my allergies
i'm allergic to mushrooms strawberries
nuts shall we go someplace
else whatever i'm going to the restroom
well that was a disastrous morning the
boat trip made her feel sick and she
wouldn't go up the eiffel tower
i can't stand heights it's a pity we
didn't just take her shopping
she's so spoiled oh come on she's just a
kid really
so what are we going to do about lunch
shall we leave now
no hang on i have an idea let me talk to
the waiter
do you think you could possibly do me a
favor yes of course so what would you
like
well i think this place is great more
wine alley
no thanks
what was that what's this
it's your lunch scarlett but i didn't
order anything
hey pizza margarita
cool
that was a great concert last night
scarlett thanks
as we know scarlet's got a new cd coming
out soon so
let's have a look at the best way we can
promote it in france
okay well i think scarlett should visit
the major music stores
in my opinion that's the best way to
meet her fans
i'm not so sure what do you think
jacques actually i don't agree with mark
scarlet isn't commercial in that way
scarlett scarlet
i agree with jacques i don't have a
commercial image it isn't my style
okay but scarlet needs more publicity
what about a series of tv and radio
interviews
don't you agree yes well that's what
everybody does
what we want is something different
personally i think scarlett should tour
clubs
and summer festivals she can dj
play her favorite music play the new cd
and meet her fans too yes absolutely
that's a much better idea
mark okay why not
scarlet i think
that's a great idea thank you jacques
[Music]
it's great to be on our own again yeah
this is the first time you've been to
the louvre
uh-huh what's the matter
is this about the meeting because i
agreed with jacques and not with you
yeah well we knew it wouldn't be easy
working together i mean
it's difficult for me as well but if i
don't agree with you i know i know
you're the boss
and i have to do my job i really thought
that jack's idea was better and
so did scarlet it's not a big deal ally
i'm fine really
so who exactly was the mona lisa i'm not
sure
i think she was the wife of a banker is
that why she's smiling because her
husband has a good salary
i also read somewhere that she was a
self-portrait of leonardo
a self-portrait you're kidding
now i don't know much about art but
leonardo da vinci was a man right
well it's just a theory
why do you think she's smiling well in
my opinion
she's the managing director of a music
company
what she lives in paris she's in love
with her marketing director
and she has a lot of fun telling him
what to do that's really unfair
hey we're not in the office now you
can't tell me i'm wrong
let's get a coffee good idea don't turn
around
what is it i just seen ben from the
office where
i said don't look i don't think he's
seen us let's get out of here come on
hi hi hello did you have a nice weekend
oh yeah you'll never guess who i saw on
saturday
whoo ally and mark
in the louvre together really
you're joking it was definitely them
and they looked really close i think
they were holding hands
no i don't believe it it's true i'm
telling you
and i think they saw me because they
turned and left
really quickly are you serious
you know i'm not surprised i think
they've been seeing each other
ever since mark arrived or maybe even
before
that's incredible what makes you say
that when i went to look at mark's new
apartment i'm sure ali called them on
his mobile
and i've seen her looking at him in a
certain way
hey quiet everyone it's mark
hi good night
dear all please find
attached a copy of the latest
sales report from the usa
mark so
did you guys have a good weekend yes
fine
not bad very quiet what about you mark
oh i spent most of the time at home just
being domestic you know
the apartment's looking pretty nice now
you must come around for a meal one
evening
that would be very nice so didn't you
go out at all oh sure i went to the
louvre on saturday
i felt like getting a bit of culture on
your own
yeah i kind of prefer going to museums
and galleries on my own
you can look at everything at your own
pace that's funny
i went to the louvre on saturday too
really
i i didn't see you well it's a big place
i didn't see you either
i've just had an email from ali
me too dear mark
thank you for the information and thank
you darling for a wonderful weekend
ali
mark ryder mark can you come in
sure
thanks for the sales report i think
there's something more important to talk
about right now
what do you mean that message you sent
me you hit reply to all you sent it to
everyone in the office oh no you're
joking
oh mark i'm so sorry i did it without
thinking
it's all right ally it's an easy mistake
to make how could i be so stupid
i just wasn't concentrating ally
i'm really sorry don't worry about it it
doesn't matter
but i think we should talk to the others
yes you're right
i'll do it it was my fault
listen everybody
i just want to say that i'm terribly
sorry i haven't been honest with you
um we mark and i
well that's okay ali we had already
guessed
it wasn't really a surprise
i still can't work out how they knew
about us i was always really careful not
to treat you differently but
you were really hard on me marco wasn't
oh you were just being fair and very
british so if it wasn't me
it must have been you what i've got my
own
office you're with them all the time you
must have said something you're hopeless
at keeping secrets
don't blame me this wasn't my fault they
probably just guess
how you know the french they're experts
on love affairs
maybe actually i think it's great that
everyone knows
now we don't have to pretend anymore
yeah that's true
ally there's something i've been wanting
to ask you for a long time
i just haven't said anything but it's
now and over
ali
[Music]
sorry mark i didn't hear a word you said
i said will you marry me
[Music]
was that a yes yes
[Laughter]
can you confirm that in an email for me
just don't send it to
everyone in the office this time
what can i help you what can i help you
when you go
to a strawberry store and then the clerk
or the
shopkeeper will ask you what can i help
you
i'm looking for i'm looking for that
means like i want to buy
i'm looking for a pink jacket
a pink jacket i'm looking for a pink
jacket
i'm afraid we just have the
dark blue blue one here
i use the blue one because we are
talking about the jacket
okay so if you don't want to say that
dark blue
jacket here you don't want to repeat the
word check it so
just replace the the jacket by the word
one
okay i'm afraid
we just have the dark blue one here
i'm afraid we just have a dark blue one
here
oh i don't like that color
thanks anyway i get up
i get up early to
go jogging every day
i get up early to go jogging every day i
get up early to go jogging every day
that sounds great that sounds
great that remember okay
that sounds great i
love dog working i love
dog walking you have a dog
yes a big one you know the same here
if we are talking about the jacket and i
don't want to mention the white jacket
again i just you
use the word one to replace with the
word jacket
and okay in the same the same here we
are talking about the dark
okay so if i don't want to mention the
dog again i just say
big one that means a big dog okay a big
one we always go walking
walking together yes
a big one we always go
walking together are you
ready to order when you go to the
restaurant the waitress or
or the waitress or the waiter will ask
you are you ready to order
to order yes i'll have
if you go to the restaurant usually
people will say
i'll have that means i want to eat
something
i'll have the lobster and sausage
yes i'll have the lobster and the
sausage
and okay and maybe like uh okay
a is the waiter or the waitress
and b and c they are friends
they go to the restaurant together and
they order the food okay so
see and i'll have i'll have
the remember to eat the soup
and salad salad
and i'll have the soup and salad and i
have the soup and salad
anything else anything else
no thanks thanks okay
no thanks one two
go to the zoo the
zoo to
see the zebra
one two if you speak quickly you can say
just like wanna
wanna wanna go to the zoo to see the
zebra
i wanna go to the zoo to see the zebra
well i'm lazy i just
wanna i just wanna listen to music
now well i'm lazy i just wanna listen to
music
now are you listening to jazz
are you listening to jazz yes i love it
because it's relaxing yes
i love it because it's relaxing
i took this photo myself
i took this photo myself beautiful
is it this is okay is it
your favorite coffee shop
beautiful is it your favorite coffee
shop beautiful
is it your favorite coffee shop okay the
situation is like this
i went to my favorite coffee shop and
then i
took the picture there and then uh
i showed to my friend that okay this is
the photo that i took
and then my friend looked that photo and
then she said oh beautiful
and she asked me is it your favorite
coffee shop
okay now yep
it was half past four
that time have passed four that means 4
30 okay half past four
that time yep it was half past four at
that time
so it was quite quiet
quiet that means fairly and quiet
that means silent no noise okay
quite quiet sorry quite quiet
so it was quite quiet yeah
it was half past four at that time so it
was quite
quiet yeah it was half past for that
time so it was quite quiet
good aisle i'll go there
there sometime sometimes that mean like
one day in the future good i'll go there
sometime
this is food food
foot foot this one
fool
poo poo
now look at some examples here
with the word food what
food do you like
what food do you like what food do you
like
and with the word food she goes
to work this is her work on food
she goes to work on food
she goes to work on food now
foo foo
look at the example here you
are such a fool
you are such a fool okay we
link together you are such a
fool you are such a fool full
full i
can't eat anymore
i'm full i'm full that means like you
eat
a lot of food and now you are full okay
four i can't eat anymore i'm full
i can't eat anymore i'm full okay this
one
poo poo
i love swimming at
an outdoor pool
i love swimming at an outdoor
pool i love swimming at an outdoor
pool this one poo
poo so we have
pull the door to come in
okay pull the door to come in match
together okay
um the the first word end with
an m and then the second word begin with
a vowel cell so we match them together
come in pull the door to come in pull
the door to come in